## 1.3 Bean Overview

Within the container itself, these beans are created with the configuration metadata that you supply to the container.

In the container, these bean definitions are represented as `BeanDefinition` objects, which contain the following metadata:

- A package-qualified class name: typically, the actual implementation class of the bean being defined.
- Bean behavioral configuration elements, which state how the bean should behave in the container(scope, lifecycle callbacks, and so forth).
- References to other beans that are needed for the bean to do its work. These references are also called collaborators or dependencies.
- Other configuration settings to set in the newly created object--for example, the size limit of the pool or the number of connections to use in a bean that manages a connection pool.

This metadata translates to a set of properties that make up each bean definition. The following table describes these properties:

```xml
<bean class="" name="" scope="" autowire="" lazy-init="" init-method="" destroy-method="">
    <property name="" />
    <constructor-arg/>

</bean>
```

> Bean metadata and manually supplied singleton instances need to be registered as early as possible, in order for the container to properly reason about them during autowiring and other introspection steps. While overriding existing metadata and existing singleton instances is supported to some degree, the registration of new beans at runtime (concurrently with live access to the factory) is not officially supported and may lead to concurrent access exceptions, inconsistent state in the bean container, or both.

### 1.3.1 Naming Beans

We need one or more identifiers to identify the beans in container. Surely, these identifiers must be unique. Usually, a bean only need one identifier.

In XML-based configuraion metadata, we use `id` and `name` or both to specify the bean identifiers.

You are not required to supply a `name` or an `id` for a bean. If you do not supply a `name` or `id` explicitly, the container generates a unique name for that bean. However, if you want to refer to that bean by name, through the use of the `ref` element or a Service Locator style lookup, **you must provide a name**. The reason that not supplying a name are related to using `inner beans` and `autowiring collaborators`.

> With component scanning in the classpath, Spring generates bean names for unnamed components, following the rules described earlier: essentially, taking the simple class name and turning its initial character to lower-case. However, in the (unusual) special case when there is more than one character and both the first and second characters are upper case, the original casing gets preserved. These are the same rules as defined by java.beans.Introspector.decapitalize (which Spring uses here).

#### Aliasing a Bean outside the Bean Definition

In a bean definition itself, you can supply more than one name for the bean, by using a combination of up to one name specified by the `id` attribute and any number of other names in the `name` attribute. These names can be equibalent aliases to the same bean. **In some situations, it can be useful, such as letting each component in an application refer to a common dependency by using a bean name that is specific to that component itself.**

In XML-based configuration metadata, we can use the `<alias/>` element to define alias for a bean.

```xml
<alias name="fromName" alias="toName">
```

In this case, a bean named `fromName` can be referred to as `toName`.
